docs: oryx feature flag (#2130)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/dev/front-end-development/202212.0/oryx/oryx-versioning.md

### Deprecation practices

If a newer and better alternative to a feature is introduced in a minor release, the old one is deprecated. Deprecated features remain functional until the next major release, in which they are removed completely.

## Feature flag versioning

Feature flag versioning in Oryx enables you to roll out new functionalities, like changes in page structure or additional component options, while ensuring backward compatibility. Feature flag versioning is directly aligned with major and minor releases, allowing for a balanced mix of innovation and stability.

### ORYX_FEATURE_VERSION

The `ORYX_FEATURE_VERSION` environment variable is used to opt into new functionalities or to lock and maintain compatibility with existing setups. It optimizes your build by leveraging Dead Code Elimination. Any code unrelated to the specified version isn't included in the final bundle, making your application leaner.

The following example shows how you can enable a specific version:

```
ORYX_FEATURE_VERSION=1.1
```

> You can also use the `featureVersion` utility in your code or third-party libraries to conditionally enable features.

Reviewer: Do I understand correctly that ORYX_FEATURE_VERSION is only for code, while featureVersion is boith for code and third-party libraries?

### Deprecation practices

If a newer and better alternative to a feature is introduced in a minor release, the old one is deprecated. Deprecated features remain functional until the next major release, in which they are removed completely.

## Feature Flag Versioning

### Overview

> Oryx introduces Feature Flag Versioning to add new functionalities without affecting backward compatibility. This is achieved using the `ORYX_FEATURE_VERSION` environment variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Oryx introduces Feature Flag Versioning to add new functionalities without affecting backward compatibility. This allows you to use new features before they are released in the next major version. This requires an explicit opt-in, using the `ORYX_FEATURE_VERSION` environment variable.
```

Reviewer 2: I'd add a bit more intro here:
- what are typical things that we add with the feature version (like page structure, new component options, etc.)
- how does the versioning work in relation to major and minor (and not on patch)

### Code Optimization

> Setting `ORYX_FEATURE_VERSION` optimizes your build by leveraging Dead Code Elimination (DCE). Any code unrelated to the specified version will not be included in the final bundle, making your application leaner.

Reviewer 2: it's cool, but not sure if we need to add this detail to the docs here

Author: I put it here not because it's cool, but if you won't use it, DCE won't work, so good to know to have optimal bundle. But maybe I can rephrase?

## Feature Flag Versioning

### Overview

Feature Flag Versioning in Oryx enables us to roll out new functionalities such as alterations in page structure, additional component options, and more, while ensuring backward compatibility. The feature versioning is directly aligned with major and minor releases, allowing for a balanced blend of innovation and stability.

### ORYX_FEATURE_VERSION

Utilize the `ORYX_FEATURE_VERSION` environment variable to opt into new functionalities or to lock and maintain compatibility with existing setups.

### Code Optimization

Setting `ORYX_FEATURE_VERSION` optimizes your build by leveraging Dead Code Elimination (DCE). Any code unrelated to the specified version will not be included in the final bundle, making your application leaner.

### Usage

Set the `ORYX_FEATURE_VERSION` environment variable to enable specific versions.

```
ORYX_FEATURE_VERSION=1.1
```

By doing so, you can control feature rollouts while optimizing your application's performance.

> You can also use `featureVersion` utility in your code or third-party libraries to conditionally enable features.

Reviewer: Do I understand correctly that `ORYX_FEATURE_VERSION` is only for code, while `featureVersion` is boith for code and third-party libraries?
